Review "Front matter" page (#607)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/front-matter/index.md

---
aliases:
  - /docs/writers-toolkit/writing-guide/front-matter/
  - /docs/writers-toolkit/write/front-matter/
date: 2024-04-09

> description: Learn about how we build front matter to properly enable the publication and search of our technical documentation.

Reviewer: Changing this from using "we" to Grafana.
```suggestion
description: Learn about how Grafana builds front matter to properly enable the publication and search of our technical documentation.
```
